- ♪ MTV ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Have yourself ♪
♪ A merry little Christmas ♪
- What the hell is this?
Why are you trying to make me
look like Mrs. Claus?
- Well. you said
to pull dresses
for your Christmas show?
- Mrs. Claus
is a codependent dummy
that does nothing
but bake cookies
and shine the boots
of her loser husband
who only works
one day out of the year.
Do I look that basic?
- Mrs. Claus is beloved.
And the one day Santa works
is Christmas.
- Oh. you're trying to see
how fast I can get you fired?
[electricity buzzing]
You can't even keep
the lights on in here.
- There's nothing that makes
me feel the love of Christmas
more than hearing "Shine."
And here it is.
[mellow blues/pop piano]
- ♪ The shine that surrounds
you just caught my eye...♪
Turn this off!
- We can't really
control the TV.
- Femi. Femi!
- [exhales]
I handle situations
with grace and ease.
I can find peace.
- Femi Amadi. get in here now!
- But not with this fool.
- ♪ Let me know one thing ♪
♪ Ooh ooh...♪
- Girl. you know what we
said about you paging me
while I'm in the bathroom.
I'm not letting you
give me another UTI.
- Make them turn this off.
- Ditey. I'm the executive
producer of your TV show.
not the building
manager for the store.
- Sorry. we lost the remote.
It's been stuck on
this channel for days.
- Pull the plug.
With excuses like that.
it's no wonder
you've done nothing
with your life.
- You wanna be on TikTok?
Let's go. Karen.
- No. no...
- Ha! Miss me with
your 200 followers.
- Try 250.000.
- That's cute.
Say hi to my 50 million
strong Aphroditey-ites.
Don't play with me.
- Okay. uh...
for the record.
I do not wanna be on TikTok.
so I will be sending you
a tip and fruit basket. Okay.
- ♪ Oh. it must be...♪
[background chatter]
- What took you so long?
He'll text back.
Don't worry.
- I'm not worried.
Do I look worried?
- Should I say no?
- Yeah.
- Oh. just--
Great. Awesome.
I love my job.
Stupid.
By the way.
the crew busted their asses
to finish decorating.
- Forget coffee.
I need a drink.
- Oh--
Did Cinderella's
actual mice make this?
[sighs. groans]
[melody begins]
Turn this off.
- Sorry. Wrong Button.
- Femi. I swear if I
hear this one more time.
Just one more time.
[electricity buzzing]
- Was that me again?
Sorry.
- Ditey. I know this
time of year is hard for you.
- It's not hard for me.
It's bullshit.
- We're out here trying
to make an episode
of your show to sell your
music. to make you more money.
So how about we get like.
I don't know.
five minutes of you not being
[woman singing]
a complete and total bi--
- ♪ So I learned to-to...♪
Oh. my--
[laughs]
I love you!
- See? That's the kind of
greeting I should always get.
- Mm-hmm. Maybe if you tried
acting lovable.
- I know I did not just
haul all your luggage
up here just to hear you
tell some other woman
you love her.
- Kyra. baby.
I met her.
Like. I met her.
- Congratulations
on making the show.
I will show you
to your dressing room.
- Is every day working with
Aphrodite like a dream?
- Every day is like something.
Yeah. This way.
[background chatter]
- Oh. hold the elevator.
♪ ♪
Hey.
Look. I wasn't trying
to start a fight earlier.
I'm just trying to get
the show together. you know?
And after the Christmas
show. a bunch of the crew
were doing a potluck dinner.
and it's kind of cheesy.
but it could be fun.
You know. if he doesn't respond
and you need some place to go.
- I'm booked that day.
What?
Are you crazy?
You're fired.
- Well. your massage
can't last all night.
- Do you know how tense
I am because of you guys?
- Okay. well. I'm just--
I'm trying to be
a good friend at the holidays.
- I don't need a good friend.
I need a massage.
- Her name means love.
but she's the meanest judge
on the hit series
"Pop The Question."
the show where talented
hopefuls audition
for their favorite icons
to win mentorship
and their first
recording contract.
Hoping to thaw that spirit
is fan favorite.
Texan sweetheart
Brianna McCallister.
After her audition video
went viral.
many believe she's
the next Aphrodite.
And now.
Aphrodite hasn't agreed to be
anyone's mentor this season--
a "Pop the Question" first--
and she's already sent
other promising contestants
in Brianna's category packing.
So will Brianna get her
Christmas miracle.
the chance
to work with Aphrodite
and win a life-changing
debut contract?
Will she even make it to our
upcoming
Christmas spectacular episode
of "Pop The Question"?
If she's going to get there.
she'll have to survive
tonight's cut.
So let's hope there's joy
and not heartbreak in store
for our next singer.
Brianna McCallister.
- Whoo!
Yeah!
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- But Brianna.
before you start.
let's rewind to this week
15 years ago today
when our own Aphrodite
changed music history.
- What the hell is this?
- In honor of the
15th anniversary of "Shine."
we are shining bright
for you. Aphrodite.
- Femi! Femi!
- You made us believe in love.
- What's going on?
What are they doing?
- I can't.
- And that Christmas. you found
the love we all dream about.
[audience whooping]
Then what happened?
You write the iconic love song.
then you let love slip away.
Oh. well. her love life
may be in ruins.
but at least we still
have this fire tune.
[cheers and applause]
- That was mean.
- Not as mean as she is.
Enough with the Memory Lane.
Time to focus on the future.
Singing "Shine."
Brianna's time to make history
starts now.
- ♪ The shine
that surrounds you ♪
♪ Just caught my eye ♪
♪ ♪
♪ In the pit of my stomach.
there's butterflies ♪
♪ Every time I get near you
I get weak ♪
♪ In my knees ♪
♪ And find it hard to speak ♪
♪ Lemme know one thing ♪
♪ Do you feel the same thing? ♪
♪ Oh. it must be ♪
♪ Love ♪
[cheers and applause]
- Yeah. yeah. yeah!
- Brianna. what would it mean
if Aphrodite said yes
to you tonight?
- My mom died
when I was six.
and my aunt who took me in
used to sing me to sleep
with this song.
Always made me feel like
things were gonna be okay.
It's also the song that played
when I met the love of my life.
Kyra.
And it's the song
that she woke up to
after a really bad accident
and we thought
we were gonna lose her.
But I wanna do
what Aphrodite did--
make a whole generation
believe that love is possible.
- All right. Brianna. are you
going to pop the question?
- So Aphrodite.
can we sing together?
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[crowd booing]
- Come on. everyone.
We didn't expect anything but
a dramatic holiday surprise
from Aphrodite.
[scattered applause]
We're gonna take a quick break
and be right back with more.
I hope.
[edgy music]
- Cancel everything. Audrey.
- Antonia.
- What?
- Nothing.
- Did you know about this?
- Look. the network
wanted to do it. okay?
It's business.
It's not personal.
[someone slow clapping]
- I was expecting
more of an "Oh.
the M&Ms are the wrong color"
kind of meltdown from you.
But this is genius.
Drinks after the show?
- Take my song off this show.
or I'm off this show.
- [laughs] Oh. sweetie.
I love that you think
you have any power here.
It's almost as cute as that
knockoff Chopard bracelet
you insist on wearing.
But here's what's up.
You're going to do the show
and you're gonna sing the song.
or you'll be sued
into irrelevance
and your entire library
will go in the vault.
- [huffs] Please.
You need me.
- That's debatable.
That little stunt you pulled
in that boutique today--
do you have any idea how much
it takes to clean up that mess
after a million retweets?
Keep it up.
We get better press letting
you go than keeping you on.
Have a great rest of the show.
[edgy music]
♪ ♪
[background chatter]
- Okay. looks like we're back.
Do you have an answer
for Brianna?
- Fine.
- Yes!
Yes. yes. yes. yes. yes!
- But it's my way or no way.
[electricity crackling]
- Okay. this time
I know it's not me.
- Okay.
Everything's fine.
Brianna. how you feeling?
- I feel...
like thank you.
Thank you.
[giggles]
[cheers and applause]
- No. no.
Rule number one. no hugs.
Rule number two.
we gotta fix this set.
Much better.
- What the ho ho hell is this?
- It's a holly jolly shit-show.
We need to talk.
- No. we don't.
Who has the wine?
I'm thirsty.
- Aphrodite wants me to
rethink my entire look.
- Okay.
I'm not mad-mad yet.
but I'm not happy-happy.
Okay. You know what?
I'm a little bit mad.
- Baby. You're gonna
start angry sweating.
No angry sweat today.
- You just worked so hard
to get here.
I don't wanna see her
ruin it all for you.
- "Shine" is a perfect song.
There's no way you could
write a song like that
and not have a good heart.
- You know. I hate
how nice you are sometimes.
But if Her Majesty decides
to live up to her reputation...
- I'm sure
she'll do the right thing.
- Come here.
- She's here?
I'm so excited. Aphrodite!
- I did not drink your whole
damn bottle.
just the wine inside.
- Are you sure that's her?
- Yep.
That sounds like our girl.
- Ooh. she looks fun.
- Mmm. She looks drunk.
- Whatever she is.
remember we're here to help.
[light music]
♪ ♪
- Where am I?
Why is it snowing
in my penthouse?
Ugh!
Get me outta here!
- Great!
- She needs a lot of help.
- Oh. ugh.
Femi. Femi!
[groans]
- Girl. come on.
- Why am I here and not home?
- Because you're drunk!
- Who gave you the key
to my penthouse?
- You're at the studio.
Get your act together. Ditey.
Pshh!
- I don't have to get
anything together.
You know I don't
even wanna be here.
- Ladies. let's go.
[whimsical music]
♪ ♪
- Hiya.
- [giggling]
- Ooh. your skin looks amazing.
Can I like...lick it. please?
- Huh? Uh-uh.
- You don't wanna be here.
We don't wanna be here.
So let's not be here.
- I know this might be
forward.
but how about a little
nightcap at your place?
- [gasps] Her place?
Yes!
I bet your place is so pretty.
Just like your skin.
- Okay. I-I'ma call my driver.
- Oh. girl. we got it.
Bastia?
- Let's go.
- Why am I not drunk
and feel better?
- You're also in
a better outfit
that brings out
your best feature.
- What is that?
- Your spirit.
- What?
- Just relax
and enjoy your tea.
- I really hope
that she likes us.
You know the humans.
sometimes they don't like us.
but I really hope
this one does.
- Probably because you're
always trying to lick them.
- That's just an expression.
That is my way of saying
"I think you're dope."
- I love the intention.
but no. it's not.
- Yes. it is.
- No. it's not.
- No. it's not. not. not. not.
- Yes. it is.
[screaming] Yes. it is!
- Enough.
No bickering in
front of the mor--
- [gasps]
- The mortal's gone.
Wait. did she just ghost us?
- It's your fault.
- It is not my fault.
- It's always your--
- I can have feelings.
I'm allowed to have feelings.
- Focus.
- I'm fine.
We have to get this right.
- Okay. I don't wanna be in
a true crime podcast.
I don't wanna be in
- Let's try this again.
shall we?
I'm Bastia.
your Celestial Spirit of Truth.
Now. I know this may seem
a little weird at first.
but just stick with it. okay?
- No murders in the building!
- Darling. if we
wanted to kill you.
we would've done that already.
- What she means is. hi.
We're just three
regular old spirits
who've been assigned to you
to make your life better.
Aren't you lucky?
I'm Sahra. your Celestial
Guide to Compassion.
- And I'm Zero. your Celestial
Guide to Service.
I made you your tea.
and you're welcome.
- And I'm out.
- Ooh!
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Truth. Compassion. Service.
Together. we make love.
- Look. people could do
whatever they want in private.
but I'm not into
that kind of thing.
[laughter]
- That was a joke!
- Oh. Ditey. you're so funny.
- Are you going to get a crush
on every mortal that we meet?
- Maybe.
Just to clarify--
we make Love the concept.
Love that makes
life worth living.
- All right. if y'all on some
kind of charity or something.
you could reach me
through my website
at Get Away From Me dot net.
- Truth. Just like everyone
else in your life.
there's so more
we'd rather be doing.
- Then why don't you go do it?
- Because unlike you.
we are going to do our job!
- All right.
So y'all are magical.
- [gasps] She said magical.
- Mm-hmm.
- I think she's getting it.
Can I please ladies?
- After you.
- Christmas is about love.
and you've lost it.
You're not giving it.
you're not receiving it.
We're here to help
you get it back.
- Christmas is not about love.
Christmas is like
every other day.
People looking out
for themselves.
And maybe on Christmas
you get good food.
maybe some cool lotion
or whatever.
- So girlfriend.
just a real quick protip.
No one can see us but you.
- So see. you can do
whatever you want.
We were just trying
to save you from...
this.
Hello?
Anyone?
[huffs]
You see. Aphrodite.
this is how it will end up.
This is it.
- Where am I?
It's cold. scary. and foggy.
- This is what happens
to people
who don't let love
into their lives.
Aphrodite. look around.
This is what happens.
You have to let love into
your life. Aphrodite.
- You're wasting your time.
I don't care about Christmas.
I don't care about any of this.
- Oh. so you think you can lie
to the Spirit of Truth?
Let's see how you really
feel about Christmas.
- Oh Gosh.
Can you guys stop doing that?
I get carsick
or magic sick. whatever.
- No. well.
if you need something
to throw up on.
then you can just
throw it right on here.
- What are we doing here?
- Like I said.
learning the truth.
- Oh my God. is that me?
- Look. I made it shiny.
- It's so cute.
[both giggling]
- What the hell is that?
- I made 'em myself.
- How...
dare you!
Did I ask you to do that?
Answer me when I talk to you.
Angela Wilkins.
- No. ma'am.
- Angela. I haven't heard
that name in forever.
- You make this place so ugly
for my dinner with my partners.
Are you trying to embarrass me?
- I'm sorry. I just thought--
- No. you didn't.
You don't think--not about
anyone but your selfish self.
You are so lucky
I am your mother
and I have to love you because
no one else ever could.
And make sure that
this room is cleaned up
before that doorbell rings.
- Bastia.
- So we're here... why?
- 'Cause you said that you
don't care about Christmas
or love.
It's not true.
You always cared.
- I was ten.
I had an arts
and crafts project.
That doesn't mean
I wanted the Christmas spirit
to come to our family.
- Then why did you write that
exact thing in your diary?
Hmm?
- So I wrote one dumb wish.
I was ten.
- You also wrote it...
At 12...
then again at 14.
and then again...
at 16.
- And I even saw you
put something like that
in your notes app last year.
- So that sound like
five to me.
- You think you're slick.
- We--nah. we not slick.
'Cause slick
is like clever. right?
And we tested in the Pantheon
for cleverness
and we barely made like
the 50th percentile.
But I am very
excited to say
that I made the first
percentile for killer smile.
Look at my gums.
They contoured.
Look.
I'm showing her my gums.
[Bahira muttering. annoyed]
- You wanted a Christmas
spirit. and you got three.
Aren't you lucky?
- Stop acting like
you don't care about
this time of the year.
because
it's obvious that you did
and you still do.
- And show that little girl
some compassion.
She's still a part of you
and she deserves
all the love she never got.
Take care of the people
in your life
the way that you wanted
to be taken care of.
That's love.
[echoing] That's love...
That's love...
- That settles it--
no more cheap wine!
Let's go!
- Everybody check your mics.
- Okay. I was raised to be
thankful for everything.
but respectfully.
are we sure this is for me?
- Okay.
You know what?
Sorry. I just need
to say something.
- No. it's okay.
Baby. it's okay.
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
This girl is super talented.
She has a beautiful vibe.
We didn't come all this way
for you to ruin all of that.
- And that...
is why the greats work alone.
She's lucky I'm even
working with her.
Nobody else would.
- What?
- It's okay. I'm fine.
It's fine.
- Alexandria.
- It's Antonia.
- What?
- Nothing.
- Get rid of her.
- You say that like you want
to kill me or something.
- Well. now that
you mention it...
- No--
- Is that a threat?
- No. I'm just gonna--
Kyra.
Yeah. I'm gonna take her out.
I'll be right back.
It's okay.
- Our set looks like
a nightmare.
Our star singer
looks miserable.
What is the theme
you're going for exactly--
Christmas in Hell?
- Christmas is hell.
- Only Because
you're making it that way.
You used to believe in
the Christmas spirit.
What happened?
- I grew up.
- [groans]
- Okay. now I see
the angry sweat.
- She's--ooh. who does
she think she is?
- Baby. it's okay.
I'm here.
I'm here. It's okay.
- [groans]
- It hurts. huh?
This is another reason why
I'm not gonna leave the show.
- It's... it's really
not that bad.
- Once I beat this. we can get
every procedure that you need.
We're gonna beat this.
- What?
- I know. right?
And you are so lucky.
I mean. try doing a proper
brow with no reflection.
Girl. this is like
morning drama.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hmph!
- Whatever.
I have a show to do.
- Do you?
Because you seem real set
on destroying the show.
Or at least
destroying Brianna's chances
at changing her life.
- You know what?
You're right.
What I meant to say was
I'm out.
- Eh. that's not happening.
[mellow hip-hop]
- My old college?
Why are we here?
- We're here because
you keep messing up things
for that sweet couple
when you know
how important real romance is.
- Look. I've always
been too mature to think
that some cuddling
is gonna change my life.
- Tch. Hmm.
- You sure about that?
- 'Cause that's not
what it looked like.
- Ugh.
Not the wide-leg bootcut jeans
with no zipper and the bandana?
[laughter]
- My man.
The party tonight.
Tonya gonna be there?
Angela? Please.
Get this. she tried to
tell me I was her first.
Uh. yo.
I'll call you back. huh?
- You said you love me.
- Hey. I don't
know what I said.
Yeah. we had a good time.
but that was it.
- That--ooh!
Ooh!
[mellow hip-hop continues]
- Time to go.
- Okay. show me where he is.
and I'll go kick his ass.
Also. I brought snacks.
- Why does this
always happen to me?
Kyle ditched me prom night
to go mess around
with Jessica Sterling.
- [groans] Ugh.
- Freshman year.
remember that guy Jacob?
- Mm-hmm.
- He had the whole
chemistry class laughing at me
because I asked him out.
- At least you learned
how to make stuff glow.
- [chuckles]
- You should have seen
Kevin's face.
He didn't even care.
- I'm so sorry. Angela.
You didn't deserve any of that.
- We can feel you feeling how
good it felt to have someone
show compassion towards you.
See? Really nice.
- Don't make it weird.
You know.
if I was something special.
these people wouldn't keep
doing these things to me.
Maybe Mom is right and I just
don't deserve to be loved.
- Hey. never say that.
- Tch. Oh...
- Okay? You hear me?
I don't wanna hear you
say that ever again.
- Look. I'd settle
for one good date.
- Come here.
- You know what I really want?
- Hmm.
- If I actually do
make it big.
I want us to be best friends
always.
- Uh. duh.
- And you know what else?
- I wanna make sure
that I do something that
makes people feel real love.
What?
I mean. I also said I wanted
to be a astronaut.
but they don't have first
class on the shuttle.
so that was a hard no.
- Mmm.
- [giggling]
- Mm-mm.
Mm-mm.
- [ahem]
- Really?
So you guys are gonna
make me watch this mess
and not let me drink?
- Nah.
- Y'all some mean. bi--
- Ooh!
- Hmm?
- Witches.
What the--
y'all drop something?
- Truth.
There is nothing more
that we'd rather be doing
than forgetting this.
But we can't do that until you
get yourself together. Ditey.
- And we know how important
love was--is to you.
Deep down inside at your core.
in your gut.
deep down in here.
- Oh my God!
Oh my gosh.
I never thought
about it like that.
You guys are so right.
Thank you.
- Yes!
- Now. can we go home?
I've got some changes
I'm gonna make.
- Yes. yes. yes.
I feel like
we just did something.
Okay. give me some.
give me some. girl.
- No.
- It's t--it's too soon?
- Mm-hmm.
- Kay. that's fine.
Can y'all gimme
some of the bottom?
- You got it.
- Hey. we did good.
- All right. child.
let's go.
- There's really no way
we can sing "Shine"?
I mean. everybody's
basically saying
I don't have a chance
unless I do.
- Trust me. this is
gonna work way better.
Let's sing.
- "Never shine again"?
- ♪ The days are dark ♪
♪ My heart is black ♪
- ♪ The best of times
have come and passed ♪
♪ And love from the...♪
- So. I didn't sign onto
a show to be hate-watched.
- I'm not really
feeling this either.
but we don't really
have a choice. so...
- We always have a choice.
I'm done.
- what--wait. no.
No. you can't leave.
I...I need you.
W-we need you. Right?
- Whoever leaves my show
without my permission.
good luck finding
a job next season.
- Well. I don't
believe in luck.
but I do believe in
doing the right thing.
- Vanessa. please--
please don't go. Vanessa!
- All right.
[funky music]
- Look. Look.
Brianna isn't leaving. okay?
And if she can take it.
can't y'all hang in there?
- If she doesn't
wanna protect herself.
that's on her.
We're gonna get out
while we still can.
Plus. we're tired
of giving up family time
for Ditey's madness.
Look. we're good to
have a conversation.
but is she even
willing to talk to us?
- I will elevate the idea
and circle back with you.
- Femi. a word.
- Tell my family I love them.
- If you don't get it together
and pull off the beautiful show
I deserve. you're done.
- She's not gonna
sabotage her own show.
- Aphrodite is rich
and manipulative.
You're still paying
off your student loans.
Whatever she does.
she'll be fine.
You...ha ha. I don't know.
[overlapping chatter.
complaints]
- You didn't come back to
make amends at all. did you?
- Ding. ding. ding.
You win.
You know what you win?
A good case of bye.
[both gas]
- Girl.
you don't wanna mess with
this spirit.
[soulful melody]
- ♪ I am beautiful...♪
- Look. I'm about to miss an
in-home sound bath for this.
Y'all don't have nothing else
to do at the Parthenon?
- Oh. it's Pantheon.
- I don't care!
- I don't think she...
cares.
- We don't have a lot of time.
- What do you mean we?
- How do you think that
sweet. darling.
adorable. charming
little girl feels
singing that mean song
that you wrote?
- First of all.
she's not a little girl.
She's at least...
well. she's old enough
and she's gonna have
to figure out
that you have to do things
that you don't like.
And people suck
and they say things that suck.
It happened to me. and I turned
out to be a goddamn icon.
- Oh!
- So it couldn't have been
that bad.
- That is not what you believe.
Or at least it's not what
you wanted to believe.
- Hi. is there a sign-up sheet?
Wait. is that me?
- Mm-hmm.
[bluesy melody
and singing continues]
- ♪ Don't you bring me down ♪
♪ Today ♪
- Now why would you
make that phone call?
You know exactly
how it's gonna end.
Hey. Mom. um. are you coming?
- Do you really think you're
gonna do something tonight?
I'm not coming down there
to watch your
embarrass yourself.
- All right.
I'll call you after.
- I remember you from
the first auditions.
Angela. right?
- Actually.
can you call me Aphrodite?
- O...kay. Come on.
Our next contestant
is not Angela.
but the goddess of love.
Aphrodite.
- Mm!
[chuckles]
["Shine" begins]
♪ ♪
- ♪ The shine
that surrounds you ♪
♪ Just caught my eye ♪
♪ Caught my eye ♪
♪ In the pit of my stomach.
there's butterflies ♪
♪ Every time I get near you ♪
♪ I get weak in my knees ♪
♪ And find it hard to speak ♪
♪ Lemme know one thing ♪
♪ Do you feel the same thing? ♪
♪ Oh. it must be ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ ♪
- Whoo!
♪ Boy when we shine together ♪
♪ There ain't nothing better ♪
♪ My life is complete ♪
♪ I'ma love you forever ♪
♪ Yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ Yeah baby ♪
♪ Baby. baby ♪
[cheers and applause]
- Oh. listen. sorry for
everyone who came out tonight.
Ha ha. Y'all tried.
but it wasn't even close.
Congratulations to the winner
of Lucky's Big Talent Night.
Aphrodite.
[cheers. applause. whooping]
- I loved your song.
- Wow.
You made them so shiny.
They're beautiful.
- Yeah. Like your song.
And that dress.
and those eyes.
- Aw...
- You know what. let me stop.
I'm blabbering.
- Hey. Blabbering.
I'm Aphrodite.
- Okay.
I see what you did.
[both laughing]
- You didn't know what
love was supposed to be.
- No. But you did know it was
supposed to be beautiful.
- Yes.
- I was just a dumb kid
to think that love
could be as beautiful
as the song.
- Aphrodite. it was beautiful.
It really was beautiful.
- It was more than
the lyrics you wrote down.
It was it--It was
a prayer. a wish.
a request to the universe
to let the love
that you dreamed of be true.
- Yeah.
And that's why we came.
I mean. you asked for help.
and we gave it to you.
- Fine.
But it's like
you let me see love.
and then you took it away.
- We took it away...
or you pushed it away?
- So you really think
my song is good?
- I think that song
is gonna change your life...
And I really hope to
be there to see it.
[energetic music]
- Okay. look. I know what
you guys are gonna ask.
Rolling Stone.
"Billboard" covers?
Yes. I did that.
Open Madison Square Garden
after winning Best New Artist?
Yep. your girl
did that shit too.
And yes. I was invited to Oprah
and Obama's birthday party.
And no. you guys
cannot be my plus ones.
Because I have my forever
plus one right here.
Come here. babe.
- Hey. what's up.
what's up. everybody?
- Okay. so. you know.
I need all you guys
to come to my baby's
new restaurant when it opens.
It's gonna be called
Shine Speakeasy.
And I'm gonna be there.
so you know
it's gonna be crazy.
- Aphrodite.
and what about your family?
They must be so proud.
- Uh. you know. they always
have something to say.
but are we here to talk about
them or this amazing award?
Look at how shiny it is.
- Yeah. Y'all see that?
- You don't have to come
tonight.
You know. it's gonna be a lot.
- Come on. baby.
you know I love you.
I'm gonna be there.
- You're never
getting rid of me.
I can't wait to
introduce you to my mom.
- I can't wait.
Y'all give it up
for Aphrodite.
- Oh...
- Well. that didn't age well.
- And that's how
I became a partner
and was able to raise
Angela in this house.
- It's a beautiful place.
- I just don't understand
how Angela--I'm sorry--
Aphrodite can't be bothered
to mention in her thank you
speeches how her stable.
steady upbringing
contributed to her
being apparently
some sort of a big deal.
- We only have a few seconds
when we get those awards.
I forget a lot of things.
- But still.
what kind of a daughter
doesn't thank her mother
in her speeches?
- Well. I'm gonna thank you
for this delicious meal.
It was absolutely perfect.
Excuse me for a second.
Bathroom?
- You think he really
loves you. don't you?
- Can we not?
- I mean. dressed like that.
I guess any man
would stick around
long enough to watch you take
the rest of your clothes off.
- It's couture. Mom.
and the label got it for me.
The only thing that's
knock-off is this bracelet.
and that's the only
thing I could afford.
- Three years and no ring.
Not surprised.
You're a medium pretty girl
who wrote a decent song.
But do you really think
that's enough to keep
a man like that?
Look. if that boy loved you.
he would've asked for more
by now.
If your record "label"
really cared about you.
they would've actually
done something special
with your career by now.
You're just a hack singer
like the rest of them.
- And what would you have
done if you really loved me?
- I'm doing it.
I'm telling you the truth.
The world thinks
you're so fancy now.
but I know who you really are.
You're a selfish little girl
who thinks she can sing.
- [gasps]
- I can sing.
You've never even
been to a show.
Why do you have to be so--
- What? Hard?
How do you think
I did all of this?
How do you think I became
the first woman.
the first Black person at
my firm. to become partner?
Because I was hard.
How do you think I kept us
in this gorgeous house?
Because I was hard.
Who do you think paid for
all of your piano lessons?
I did because I was hard.
You think childhood is
supposed to be about cuddles
and participation trophies.
You think I'm not
supposed to correct you
when you're being foolish?
My mama had me pick out
my own switch from a tree
if I so much as
breathed near her wrong.
And you're gonna
come into my house
and talk about how I
didn't love you enough?
Trust me. the world is hard.
You wanna make it.
you better be harder.
Oh. there he is.
Pumpkin pie?
- Yes. please.
- [sighs] Get me out of here.
[somber melody]
- ♪ The day is dark.
my heart is black ♪
- Brianna. this isn't you.
- Maybe this is who
I'm supposed to be.
- I didn't fall in love with
some Texas sweetheart just
to watch her turn
into the other sister
of the Addams Family.
- So what?
You want me to just
quit this opportunity?
- You're not gonna win.
Not like this anyways.
You need to sound
more like this.
More like you.
Oh.
- See. you can't hide
the pain forever.
We're gonna have to get
this fixed eventually.
This is why I'm doing this
and you and me.
we know nothing
about this industry.
She does.
I think I need
to listen to her.
- Ditey may know the industry.
but she doesn't know you.
- Look. you were right
about the song. okay?
It was a prayer.
I wanted nothing
more than to live
the life filled with
the love I saw in movies
and heard about in songs.
But oh. well. it just
didn't work out for me.
- And why do you think that is
exactly?
- Because once I
did what my mom said.
once I realized
how people treated me.
there was no love.
Whoosh me around.
I'll show you.
[laughter]
- I love when she
thinks she knows
what she's talking about.
Let's go.
- Wow. Michael's bar.
This was right before
he opened.
I could still smell
that new leather.
- Okay. here we go.
here we go.
- Oh. here we go.
- ...With her new song.
"Sticks and Stones."
- ♪ When raindrops trickle
down your window pane ♪
♪ At least you know
I'm there to keep you dry ♪
♪ ♪
♪ People talk. it don't
matter what they say ♪
♪ At least we know our
love is do or die...♪
- Damn. babe.
You sound really good. man.
Holy!
Uh. do you want a drink?
- What I want is to be number
one like I'm supposed to be.
And why don't I have a drink?
- I just asked you.
You know what?
Never mind. I got you.
- Ditey. no matter
what happens tonight.
you'll always be number
one with us. okay?
- And that "Shine"
is a bit dull
as she comes in at number two.
- Damn!
- Oh. Ditey. what're you doing?
- Babe. come on. man.
Watch out.
- Why are you trying
to act like you don't
know how important this is?
You know it's my career
that pays for your nightclub.
and you need the work too.
Because if this goes well.
you'll be able to sell
another documentary about me.
So everyone stop overreacting
like I'm overreacting.
and why don't I have a drink?
- Because you just--
- Your cray-cray ass
just threw it down.
- Oh. okay.
Femi. that's enough.
No. it's fine.
Babe. I understand you
are upset. but we love you.
We're not trying to fight you.
- No. you don't.
You just need me for stuff.
- Okay. calm down. Angela.
- Angela?
Oh. we're using the real name.
You mad?
- Yes. I am.
We both are. actually.
- Oh. so you guys just been
talking behind my back?
- No. no. not like that.
Because we feel like
we can't talk to you anymore.
- What did you say?
- You know what?
I feel like I'm talking to
your mom right now.
- Oh. you're trying to die
tonight!
- That's okay. Ditey. just--
- Get off of me.
Just don't touch me.
Oh. I forgot he had
the nerve to say that to me.
I mean. he was
a little outta line.
But I guess he didn't
deserve them hands.
- No.
- Did you ever think
that maybe
they were just like
a teensy. tiny little bit
right?
- No.
My mom was a bitch.
- [gasps]
- I'm a star.
Some people just
can't handle the heat.
You know. when you guys are
like this. I can't be here.
- What?
Babe. Babe.
- Save the apology
for someone who cares.
- What the hell
happened to her?
- I have no idea.
- But we know what happened.
Would you like
to have a seat?
I mean. I don't have a chair.
but I do have biceps.
They're real strong.
Just sit right there. girl.
- Zero. stop.
- I mean. what do you mean
you know what happened?
My boyfriend and my best
friend had an argument
and they just gave up on me
on a very huge night
in my career.
- But you were scared
and sensitive back then.
They were just
trying to love you
the best way they knew how.
- Aphrodite. did you
ever talk to anyone
about the way you were raised?
Tell them the truth about
how it really made you feel?
- I have better things to do
than "talk about" my feelings.
[all gasp]
- Not again.
- Wow.
Yeah. 'Cause acting out.
throwing tantrums.
storming out--
that's a much better choice.
How'd that work out
for you. hmm?
[holiday music playing]
- What is that?
- A little nostalgia.
Something I made for
our tree as a kid.
You know. my mom sent it so
I thought we could hang it.
- You know I can afford
real ornaments now.
- Anyway. I got some good news.
I think my loan for the bar
is finally coming in.
Pretty sure we can
finish opening
up Shine Speakeasy. the dream.
You know?
- You think about the bar.
That's good. you know.
'cause I'm out here
really doing the thing.
And you know. you know
what I want for Christmas?
I want you to stop using me.
- Okay.
You know what?
I can't keep doing this.
- You can't keep doing what?
Hanging onto my fame.
leading me on?
Oh. my God.
My mom was right.
- Your mom was
a lot of things.
but right was rarely
one of them.
I'm sorry.
Look. at least we
don't have to invite her
to the Christmas cookout
after we're married. right?
- [coughing]
After we're married?
Now you wanna
talk about marriage?
You know. if you really
loved me like that.
you would've did this
a long time ago.
- Listen. babe.
I love you.
You know that. right?
- So why does it sound like
you wanna dump me?
- Because you're hurting me.
and I don't wanna hurt anymore.
Truthfully. I don't even know
if you actually love me.
You've never really said it.
- Come on.
You live in my house.
I gave you seed money
to start your business.
- Oh. that's where
we're going with this?
- That's where
we're going with this.
You know where else we go?
To every single
red carpet together.
- Love is supposed
to be more than that.
I need more than that from you.
- God. just say it.
- Remember Christmas.
Aphrodite.
It won't be the
same without you.
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm-hmm!
- I'm going home.
- Oh. wait.
Actually. you can't go home
because the building that you
live in was not built in 2017.
So you have to stay
with us because you
can't really break
the time-space continuum
the way we can.
You don't have powers.
Oh. oh. oh!
She gonna go anyway.
Oh. wait. wait. wait.
- I just wanna get
back to my life.
Can't you just glue
those things on?
Not again.
Where are you taking me now?
- It's not us this time.
- Is the tree on fire?
- Hey. Ra-Thar.
Nice tree.
- Sexy. right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Y'all been really
messing it up down here.
haven't ya?
- We were just
about to update you.
- It's like y'all
don't even want
to get back into the Pantheon.
- If you have started
renting out my condo.
I'm gonna tell your mama.
- Oh. okay.
So her mama's like a god.
- Excuse me?
- Yes.
- What the hell?
- Mm-hmm.
- Through the lens
of space and time.
you look nothin'
like you do on TV.
Perhaps you should
just take the L
and leave with some dignity.
because once
you're out of chances.
you are out of the Pantheon
for good.
And those arms are lookin'
pretty bare. ladies.
- We are fine.
We've got this.
- You're here to
save your own asses.
Is she worth it?
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
- Wait a minute. y'all
aren't doing this to help me.
Y'all are doing this to
get back into the heaven.
the space. the pine tree.
whatever.
wherever y'all are from.
- Oh. we are from the Pantheon.
It is very easy to say
and remember.
Just say it with me.
Pan-the-on.
- I don't care. y'all lied.
- Oh. no the truth.
It's complicated. Aphrodite.
- Yeah.
- It's not complicated.
Y'all tried to convince me
that the universe
loves me so much that it
sent me some freaking angels.
- Oh. well.
see. that's the thing.
We're not angels. but
a lot of my best friends.
they are angels.
- Uh-huh.
- Y'all are the D-team.
Y'all are just like
everybody else.
looking out for yourselves.
trying to use me.
- I can see that you're upset.
- I'm not upset.
I'm done.
[stammering]
- [gasps]
- Oh...
- You know. I would storm off.
but I don't wanna get
stuck in another nightmare.
Take me home. I'm done.
- Oh. okay.
- Um. um. um. um. Spirits.
can I have a sidebar?
Maybe a quick
bubble of silence.
- Absolutely.
- What in the
fresh hell is this?
- So part of growth
is accepting
that sometimes we fail.
So maybe we should call it.
[muffled speech]
How bad can it be?
- Oh sure.
You know. that is a great idea.
How about we just go ahead
and call it.
We can spend
the rest of our lives
here in eternal waking death.
Oh. no.
- Okay. well. maybe
you should have
thought of that
before you started this
mission with face-licking.
- I know y'all hear me?
Hello?
- You are bad at your job.
And it is your fault
that we're gonna
spend the rest of our
immortal lives i-i-in Brooklyn.
- Please. I just wanna go home.
- It's not my fault.
- But it's always her fault.
- Stop it. stop it.
or I am going blow
every light on the street.
We need to get back to work.
- Why are you ignoring me?
- We've tried everything.
but we have not tried
the one thing.
- I hate doing the one thing.
- Yes.
- We all hate doing
the one thing.
but it is the only thing left.
And we are going to do it.
- Finally. can we go home now?
- Girl. I wish.
- Mm-mm. mm-mm.
And this is going
to be unpleasant.
- Nothing can possibly
be worse than tonight.
- Yes the hell it can.
[haunting music]
♪ ♪
- What now?
What is this?
It. ah--
- Going into
the future isn't fun.
- And I just got
these lashes done.
- You have an aesthetician?
- Well. just because I'm a
celestial being doesn't mean
I don't want to look good.
- Believe me. future travel
is a last resort...sometimes.
The truth is painful.
- No. no. no.
That can't be me.
- Ohh...
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[moans] Ohh...
Please. Bastia. come on.
This hurts.
- It's the only way.
- ♪ The shine that surrounds
you just caught my eye ♪
- Okay. nice tricks.
but for real. where are we?
Why are we taking a shortcut
through a litter box?
- As I said.
this is your future.
- ♪ I get weak in my knees ♪
I sound terrible.
♪ Let me know one thing ♪
♪ Do you feel the same thing? ♪
♪ For it must be ♪
♪ Love ♪
- You don't shine. you suck.
- I was an icon.
- Not anymore.
[laughs]
Let's see if I-con
get outta here.
- This can't get any worse.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
So not one person came by?
I'm just alone in that box.
So I give out tough love.
What's wrong with that?
- Love's not
supposed to be tough.
- It was tough for me.
I learned that's what
love was supposed to be.
It's like...
when you learn a song.
you do what it says on the page
and you rehearse it that way
over and over and over again.
That's all I was doing.
Rehearsing what I was taught.
- You're an artist. Ditey.
You know. sometimes you've
gotta change up the tune.
- ♪ This is where
the silver cloud ends ♪
- Sources tell us that
there were no mourners
at Aphrodite's funeral today
which ironically falls
on the 25th anniversary
of one of the saddest
moments in music--
the day that
the Goddess of Love
was relegated to be
a demon forever.
After turning the Christmas
Day special of her show
into a Christmas Hell.
Aphrodite's former best friend
got the diva
fired from the show.
Viewers may remember
Aphrodite's signature song
is what led her
to the love of her life.
But following a shock split
from the singer
and the failure
of a business venture.
he struggled to get
back on his feet.
and vanished from public view.
- Make this stop.
- We can't. but you can.
- Wait.
You guys are lying again.
This future. this happened
because Femi got me fired?
- About the show.
We can't give you the
beautiful episode you want.
I'm sorry.
- Fine. Then we'll lean into
the train wreck.
Kid ruins her life
on Christmas day.
I can sell that.
- She's not gonna get me fired.
- Yeah. well. there-there is
one thing I think definitely
needs to change though.
- She'll stand up for me.
- Is that your final answer?
- It's the only way
to move forward.
I mean. we messed
up this round and we don't--
you don't have to have
another season like this.
- If she cares about me.
she'll fix it. right?
Y'all are really out here
just wastin' my time.
- Bastia. shall we?
- Yes. let's go.
- [crying]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- Wait. why is she crying?
- Bastia. don't do--
- Bastia. stop!
No!
- Aphrodite can't change.
they said.
Her heart's too hard.
And like an idiot.
I didn't wanna believe them.
- Look. I know that
you're mad at me. but...
I can't end like this.
- You only care now
'cause you think that what?
That you don't
want to end up broke?
You're already broke
where it counts.
And trying to
break other people
isn't the flex that
you think it is.
- You wanna be like her?
Fine.
You will be alone.
- No. no. no.
Wait. wait. wait.
It's a Texas number.
Hello?
This is her.
Yeah. Do we get approved?
Is Kyra gonna be okay?
- Why is she asking if
Kyra's gonna be okay?
- What?
You guys are a hospital.
You're supposed
to care about people.
Is money all you care about?
They rejected our financing.
- Let me guess.
You're still gonna
stay here though?
- Kyra. I know
how hard it's been
for you since the accident.
You can't even walk.
You're in pain all the time.
And I can hear you crying
when you think I'm asleep.
I know how dark it gets.
I do.
You worked so hard.
and you lost everything
you worked so hard for
in the accident.
But I can't lose you
to that same darkness.
- I don't wanna lose you
and who you are
because when I
get into that darkness.
you are what pulls me back.
I don't know that I'd make it.
- Why is she talking
about losing someone?
Like I'm not trying
to kill anybody.
I'm just trying to harden
her up a little bit.
Like keep her
from getting hurt.
- Please come with me. please.
- Kyra. wait.
- Looks like she
got hurt anyway.
- She's just like me.
She's just a little girl that
needs to know that she's okay
the way she is.
- Or maybe one day
she can find someone
that can make her see that.
- I can do that.
I can do it.
- Goodbye. Aphrodite.
- No. I can it.
Just let me--
- Hello?
Hello. wait. come back.
Hello!
I can do it.
- And we've got a
late-breaking exclusive.
Aphrodite has fallen.
We're being told her
studio is severing
all ties to the surly siren.
And it's all happened
on Christmas Eve.
- Aphrodite does not
represent the values
we strive to maintain.
As of today.
she will no longer be on
"Pop The" Question.
I hope she gets
the help she needs.
[knock on door]
But tune in tomorrow
for our Christmas day show...
- Femi. Oh my God.
I'm so glad to see you.
I really wanna talk to
you about something.
- Look. it's my time to talk.
Aphrodite. okay?
I love you so much.
- Femi. no. no. Femi--
- I can't do this anymore.
Okay?
- Femi. Femi.
No--
- I've had enough. okay?
I honestly don't know
why I let you treat me
so bad for so long.
but I'm gonna take
some time to figure that out.
- There's nothing
to figure out.
We can work this out. Okay?
- I've left the show and I
just need to cut ties with you.
So don't call. don't text.
Don't try.
You're already blocked.
- Uh-I--
- [huffs] Tuh.
- We weren't trying
to waste your time.
Too bad...you wasted ours.
- No!
Oh. we have to do the song.
She has to do the song.
I gotta go.
- ♪ I'll never shine again ♪
♪ This is where
the silver curtain--♪
- She can't sing this.
She can't sing this.
- I'm sorry.
You can't be here.
- Look. if she sings
this tomorrow.
It's gonna be over.
What are you doing. dummy?
She can't--
You gotta sing about love.
Get off of me.
Okay.
I can't fix the show.
Let's just put on another show.
But where?
Of course. of course.
he blocked me.
I'd block me too.
Hello?
Hello.
Okay. you have to pick up.
Hello?
- Hello?
- Antonia.
- It's Antonia.
Wait. did you
just say Antonia?
- Yes. Antonia.
- Sorry. no.
Natasha told me to
get rid of all this stuff.
- It's okay.
It's okay.
Look. I know that I owe you
so much more than an apology.
but can we start there?
- Um...yes!
Thank you.
[squeals and laughs]
- Okay.
Uh-huh. Okay.
That's good.
- Oh.
- Okay. great.
So I need to save Brianna's
career and her relationship.
and I need you to help me.
- Oh my God.
I love her.
- Yeah. so do I.
- So what do you need me to do?
- Okay.
So I need you to
take this number
and do whatever it takes.
Give him whatever he wants
to make sure that he opens up
his club tonight for a show.
- And should I use your name?
- No. You know how important
this is for Brianna.
That's all you need.
I know you're about
to close. but I
will pay double for everything
if I can have all of this.
Oh. and this.
You know. if you wanna do
something special
for your 3.5 million followers.
you should come to
Shine Speakeasy tonight.
- How did you
know I was at 3.5?
- I keep an eye on all talent.
- Did you guys get
this text from Antonia?
All hands meeting at
Shine Speakeasy midnight
on Christmas Eve.
- Girl. you know I just quit.
At Shine Speakeasy?
Why there?
Nope.
I quit.
[light music]
♪ ♪
- Oh. shit.
- This is a closed rehearsal.
- It's me.
- Oh.
Well. I was just leaving.
- Wait. Brianna.
- No.
Everyone told me
you were a monster
and I didn't wanna
believe them.
I trusted you and now I'm here.
miserable.
Kyra is gone. and--
- Brianna. please.
- No. I gave everything
I had to this show
and you tried to destroy me.
Who does that?
- Wait.
- You better let me leave.
I look sweet.
but you don't wanna
catch these hands.
- Look. Brianna. I am so
sorry about everything.
You are an amazing artist with
such a glorious future ahead.
- Yeah. If I just give up
my vibe. my look.
and hate the world with you.
Sorry. Ditey. Hard. pass.
- No. You're gonna be great
just being you.
I never should have
tried to change a thing.
Look. take whatever you want.
Anything you want.
It's on me.
- Wait. if this is just another
joke stunt for the show--
- No. it's not a stunt.
It's me trying to do the right
thing after being so wrong.
- I knew I was right.
You couldn't possibly
write a song like that
and not have a heart that
was just as gorgeous.
- Okay. okay. hurry.
So look. I don't know what
I can do about tomorrow.
but we're putting
on a show tonight.
We're gonna do a
Christmas Eve special.
- I just wish Kyra was here.
- Call her.
- I can't.
Just do it.
I got you.
[phone chimes]
- Hello.
- Hey. Kyra.
I'm sorry.
I know you said not to bug you.
- Read this.
- "I can't promise that
every day will be easy.
I can't promise that
I'll never make you cry.
But if I can promise anything.
if that every day I don't say
I love you is a day
wasted in my eyes.
My favorite place to be
is wherever it is you are.
You are my sun. my moon. and
my bright shining North Star.
I can't make you come home.
But I swear this to be true.
If you give me the
gift of letting me.
I promise to
always sing to you."
- Oh. hey. sorry.
We're actually not going
to the airport anymore.
[overlapping chatter]
- Oh. my gosh.
- It looks so cute.
- It looks so good.
- Dressing rooms are that way.
Please say it's not too late.
Please say it's not
too late.
Michael.
- What are you doing here?
- I thought it would just--
- Never mind.
My therapist told me I need
to work on my boundaries.
So truthfully. I don't
really care why you're here.
- Well. actually I was
trying to not run into you.
- You being serious right now?
Let me tell you something.
I worked really hard
to make this place
my happy place. my dream.
So I really hope you're not
trying to ruin that for me.
- I promise I'm not.
- You know. if I knew that
this event was all about you.
it never would've happened.
- Look. it's not.
And you know. I actually did
wanna see you this Christmas.
but not like this.
I'm sorry.
- Just tell me
what kind of stunt
this is and nobody gets hurt.
- I have no idea
what's happening.
- Great.
[scattered applause]
- Thank you guys so much
for being here tonight.
I know it's late
on Christmas Eve
and you'd rather be
with your families.
Well. anybody but me.
So 15 years ago
I wrote a song.
a prayer. really.
that love would be everything
I could ever hope for.
But because it was scary.
I allowed my love to be
corrupted
and I hurt people
because of it.
I wanted the song
pulled from the show
because it hurt
so much to hear it.
And I missed what I once had.
And I'm terrified that
I'll never feel it again.
But love isn't just about
me getting something for me.
It's about giving.
It's about showing love
to the cast and crew
that make this life possible.
To my best friend
who I owe so much.
To the person that tried
to stand by my side.
even though I pushed him
away over and over and over.
Originally. I asked
the universe to make
this song bring me love.
And now I'm committing myself
to showing love to anyone
and everyone who needs it.
There's a Christmas special
tomorrow for this show.
And because of some of the
dumb things that I did.
what you were going to see is
not what this song is about.
And because I got
fired today.
I wasn't able to do
anything about that except
put on this show tonight.
Brianna McCallister.
How dare you...
think you had to even ask me
to be your coach.
It would be an honor.
And to tell the truth.
you don't even need me
because you
shine so bright on your own.
Ladies and gentlemen.
please welcome the beautiful
Brianna McCallister.
- ♪ The shine
that surrounds you ♪
♪ Just caught my eye ♪
♪ Caught my eye ♪
♪ In the pit of my stomach.
there's butterflies ♪
♪ Every time I get near you ♪
♪ I get weak in my knees ♪
♪ And find it hard to speak ♪
♪ Lemme know one thing ♪
♪ Do you feel the same thing? ♪
- ♪ Oh. it must be ♪
♪ Love.
shine shine shine ♪
♪ Oh. it must be ♪
♪ Love
shine shine shine ♪
- ♪ You are the light in
this heart of mine ♪
♪ Heart of mine ♪
♪ Broke through the walls
right into my eyes ♪
♪ Every time I'm out with
you I get weak ♪
- ♪ In my knees ♪
♪ When you're gone
it's hard to sleep ♪
♪ Never thought
I'd find something ♪
♪ Oh. you made me believe ♪
♪ Oh. it must be love
shine. shine. shine ♪
♪ Oh. it must be ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ Oh. it must be love ♪
♪ Shine. shine. shine ♪
[cheers and applause]
- All right. I know we're
breaking format of the show.
but this deserves a
contract. doesn't it?
- Oh. my God!
I'm so proud of you.
- Thank you.
Thank you. I--
This. this is perfect.
I can't imagine a
better Christmas.
- Hmm. I can.
Femi. can you pass me my phone?
Thanks.
It's for you.
Put it on speaker.
- It's a Texas number.
Hello?
- This is Dr. Azad from
St. Germaine Hospital.
I wanted to apologize
for our delay
in prepping the treatment
that you needed.
But we just got notice that
there is unlimited payment
in full and we are happy to
welcome you back to our campus
and get Kyra back
to full health.
- Oh. my--what?
You did this?
- It was very last minute.
but I think we made it work.
It's the least I could do.
- I told you she was nice.
- Thank you so much.
- Did you make it snow?
- That's a negative
from the booth.
No special requests
on order for tonight.
- I guess that's
that Christmas magic.
All right.
We have just a few
more surprises.
There are some really special
people in the audience.
Come on out guys.
- Mom?
Mom!
[upbeat Christmas song]
♪ ♪
- All right. everyone.
it's Christmas.
So get outta here and go
be with your families.
Wait. unless you work for me.
'Cause if you work
for me. then you
have to stay here
because we have
an amazing big Christmas
dinner right here for everyone.
- Finally. she's acting
like the Goddess of Love.
- This is what I signed on for.
- ♪ It's gonna be a special
Christmas...♪
- And all of your return
flights are taken care of.
And you have an entire month
before we come back
to make this kind
of show the place
where everyone feels the love.
Merry Christmas.
[cheers and applause]
- Drinks tomorrow to figure
out your next contract.
- You can have my music. but I
will be focusing on mentoring
singers and making sure
that this place is a place
where everyone can shine.
- Well. the preliminary
numbers look good for tonight.
- Girl. what did you
think it was gonna be?
Consider that
my Christmas gift.
Mom.
- I heard your speech.
Sounds like you finally
learned to listen.
- Look Mom. I don't
know what happened
to you that made you like this.
but can I suggest therapy?
For both of us.
I'll go with you.
And maybe we can work on
healing what's between us.
When you're ready to talk.
I'm ready to listen.
- Hey. good job.
- Thank you.
Oh my God. I'm so sorry.
- I know.
- Can we be okay?
- Oh. I'm gonna make you
buy me so many massages.
But. uh. yeah.
We're okay.
- Kay.
You deserve those massages.
- I know.
- I'm not gonna lie.
- But yeah.
We're okay.
- She did it.
- I'm so proud.
- Oh no.
- Oh. no.
We're good for once.
- Girl. you did it.
Look.
- Y'all did it.
- Thank you guys so much.
- You should have
seen Ra-Thar's face.
She was like. no way.
And we were like.
yeah. of course.
- Yes. yes. and yes.
- And I think this
belongs to you.
- I think you should keep it.
And don't you dare
forget about us.
- Oh. I won't.
- Shall we toast?
To Aphrodite.
Congratulations.
- Thank you. guys.
[soft piano]
- Hey.
- I loved your song.
- God. I am so stupid.
- Well. hey. Stupid.
I'm Michael.
- Look. am so sorry
for everything
and I miss you so much.
- She misses him.
She misses him.
- Kiss him.
Kiss him.
- No. it's the tension
that's the sexiest.
Don't kiss. Don't kiss.
- Kiss.
- Can y'all shut up?
- Is everything. okay?
- Gentle reminder--
only you can see us.
- Oh. if you gonna
give her reminders.
could you remind her that I
have not licked her face yet?
- Zero. come on.
- But we are leaving soon.
- We got to leave.
- I just hear voices
like downstairs.
I think they're loud.
- All right.
- Look. can we just start over?
- I think we just did.
Merry Christmas.
- Merry Christmas.
- Never in doubt. They got
some catching up to do!
- Ohh...
- Mmm!
[light music]
♪ ♪
- Now. that's
a Diva Christmas.
- ♪ Just hear those
sleigh bells jingling ♪
♪ Ring-ting-ting-a-ling too ♪
♪ Come on.
it's lovely weather ♪
♪ For a sleigh ride together
with you ♪
♪ Outside the snow
is falling ♪
♪ And friends are calling
yoo-hoo ♪
♪ Come on.
it's lovely weather ♪
♪ For a sleigh ride together
with you ♪
♪ Come on.
it's lovely weather ♪
♪ For a sleigh ride together
with you ♪